{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang3079{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang7 The 24 selected studies:\par
1\par
Blaya JA, Shin SS, Yagui M, Contreras C, Cegielski P, Yale G, et al. Reducing communication delays and improving quality of care with a tuberculosis laboratory information system in resource poor environments: a cluster randomized controlled trial. PLoS One [Internet]. 2014 [cited 2019 Jan 10];9(4):e90110. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24721980 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24721980\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
2\par
Westbrook JI, Baysari MT, Li L, Burke R, Richardson KL, Day RO. The safety of electronic prescribing: manifestations, mechanisms, and rates of system-related errors associated with two commercial systems in hospitals. J Am Med Informatics Assoc [Internet]. 2013 Nov [cited 2019 Jan 9];20(6):1159\f1\endash 67. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23721982 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23721982\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
3\par
Beam KS, Cardoso M, Sweeney M, Binney G, Weingart SN. Examining Perceptions of Computerized Physician Order Entry in a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Appl Clin Inform [Internet]. 2017 [cited 2019 Jan 9];8(2):337\endash 47. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28378024 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28378024\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
4\par
van Doormaal JE, van den Bemt PMLA, Zaal RJ, Egberts ACG, Lenderink BW, Kosterink JGW, et al. The influence that electronic prescribing has on medication errors and preventable adverse drug events: an interrupted time-series study. J Am Med Inform Assoc [Internet]. 2009 [cited 2019 Jan 9];16(6):816\endash 25. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19717798 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19717798\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
5\par
Gackowski A, Czekierda L, Chrustowicz A, Ca\f2\'b3a J, Nowak M, Sadowski J, et al. Development, implementation, and multicenter clinical validation of the TeleDICOM--advanced, interactive teleconsultation system. J Digit Imaging [Internet]. 2011 Jun [cited 2019 Jan 11];24(3):541\f1\endash 51. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20495992 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20495992\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
6\par
Mariani C, Tronchi A, Oncini L, Pirani O, Murri R. Analysis of the X-ray work flow in two diagnostic imaging departments with and without a RIS/PACS system. J Digit Imaging [Internet]. 2006 [cited 2019 Jan 10];19 Suppl 1(Suppl 1):18\endash 28. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16955380 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16955380\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
7\par
Redfern RO, Langlotz CP, Abbuhl SB, Polansky M, Horii SC, Kundel HI. The Effect of PACS on the Time Required for Technologists to Produce Radiographic Images in the Emergency Department Radiology Suite. J Digit Imaging [Internet]. 2002 Sep 1 [cited 2019 Jan 11];15(3):153\endash 60. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12415466 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12415466\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
8\par
Chien T-I, Lu J-Y, Kao J-T, Cheng Y-C, Lee Y-F. Evaluation and Improvement Strategy of Analytical Turnaround Time in the Stat Laboratory. J Formos Med Assoc [Internet]. 2007 Jul [cited 2019 Jan 11];106(7):558\endash 64. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17660145 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17660145\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
9\par
Lemmetty K, H\f0\'e4yrinen E. Operation management system evaluation in the central Finland health care district - end users\rquote  view of system implementation. Stud Health Technol Inform [Internet]. 2005 [cited 2019 Jan 10];116:605\f1\endash 7. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16160324 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16160324\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
10\par
Engelmann C, Ametowobla D. Advancing the integration of hospital IT. Pitfalls and perspectives when replacing specialized software for high-risk environments with enterprise system extensions. Appl Clin Inform [Internet]. 2017 [cited 2019 Jan 10];8(2):515\endash 28. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28512663 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28512663\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
11\par
Castellanos I, Sch\f0\'fcttler J, Prokosch H-U, B\'fcrkle T. Does introduction of a Patient Data Management System (PDMS) improve the financial situation of an intensive care unit? BMC Med Inform Decis Mak [Internet]. 2013 Sep 16 [cited 2019 Jan 10];13:107. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24041117 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24041117\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
12\par
Eslami S, Abu-Hanna A, Schultz MJ, de Jonge E, de Keizer NF. Evaluation of consulting and critiquing decision support systems: Effect on adherence to a lower tidal volume mechanical ventilation strategy. J Crit Care [Internet]. 2012 Aug [cited 2019 Jan 10];27(4):425.e1-425.e8. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22172793 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22172793\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
13\par
Adaba GB, Kebebew Y. Improving a health information system for real-time data entries: An action research project using socio-technical systems theory. Informatics Heal Soc Care [Internet]. 2018 Apr 3 [cited 2019 Jan 10];43(2):159\f1\endash 71. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28350236 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28350236\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
14\par
Janols R, Lind T, G\f0\'f6ransson B, Sandblad B. Evaluation of user adoption during three module deployments of region-wide electronic patient record systems. Int J Med Inform [Internet]. 2014 Jun [cited 2019 Jan 10];83(6):438\f1\endash 49. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24630924 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24630924\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
15\par
Ammenwerth E, Rauchegger F, Ehlers F, Hirsch B, Schaubmayr C. Effect of a nursing information system on the quality of information processing in nursing: An evaluation study using the HIS-monitor instrument. Int J Med Inform [Internet]. 2011 Jan [cited 2019 Jan 10];80(1):25\endash 38. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21115392 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21115392\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
16\par
Ammenwerth E, Mansmann U, Iller C, Eichst\f0\'e4dter R. Factors affecting and affected by user acceptance of computer-based nursing documentation: results of a two-year study. J Am Med Inform Assoc [Internet]. 2003 [cited 2019 Jan 10];10(1):69\f1\endash 84. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12509358 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12509358\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
  \par
17\par
Liaskos J, Mantas J. Measuring the user acceptance of a Web-based nursing documentation system. Methods Inf Med [Internet]. 2006 [cited 2019 Jan 10];45(1):116\endash 20. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16482381 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16482381\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
18\par
Callen J, Li L, Georgiou A, Paoloni R, Gibson K, Li J, et al. Does an integrated Emergency Department Information System change the sequence of clinical work? A mixed-method cross-site study. Int J Med Inform [Internet]. 2014 Dec [cited 2019 Jan 10];83(12):958\endash 66. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25241155 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25241155\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
19\par
Feblowitz J, Takhar SS, Ward MJ, Ribeira R, Landman AB. A Custom-Developed Emergency Department Provider Electronic Documentation System Reduces Operational Efficiency. Ann Emerg Med [Internet]. 2017 Nov [cited 2019 Jan 10];70(5):674\endash 682.e1. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28712608 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28712608\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
20\par
Allain TJ, Mang\rquote anda G, Kasiya M, Khomani P, Banda NP, Gonani A, et al. Use of an electronic medical record to monitor efficacy of diabetes care in out-patients in a central hospital in Malawi: Patterns of glycaemic control and lessons learned. Malawi Med J [Internet]. 2017 [cited 2019 Jan 10];29(4):322\endash 6. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29963288 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29963288\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
21\par
Menke JA, Broner CW, Campbell DY, McKissick MY, Edwards-Beckett JA. Computerized clinical documentation system in the pediatric intensive care unit. BMC Med Inform Decis Mak [Internet]. 2001 [cited 2019 Jan 9];1:3. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11604105 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11604105\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
22\par
Poon EG, Keohane CA, Yoon CS, Ditmore M, Bane A, Levtzion-Korach O, et al. Effect of Bar-Code Technology on the Safety of Medication Administration. N Engl J Med [Internet]. 2010 May 6 [cited 2019 Jan 9];362(18):1698\endash 707. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20445181 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20445181\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
23\par
Gilkar A, Fink R, Eardley P, Barron C. The Effect of \ldblquote On-Line\rdblquote  POCT on Patient waiting times in an Accident and Emergency Department. BMJ Qual Improv reports [Internet]. 2013 [cited 2019 Jan 9];2(1). Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26734177 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26734177\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
24\par
Nightingale PG, Adu D, Richards NT, Peters M. Implementation of rules based computerised bedside prescribing and administration: intervention study. BMJ [Internet]. 2000 Mar 18 [cited 2019 Jan 9];320(7237):750\endash 3. Available from: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10720357 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10720357\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
}
 